README.md, before:

# bsdcpio

[![Cookbook Version](https://img.shields.io/cookbook/v/bsdcpio.svg)](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/bsdcpio)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/sous-chefs/bsdcpio/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/sous-chefs/bsdcpio)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Description

Installs bsdcpio, which uses libarchive to support working with tar, pax, cpio, zip, jar, ar, and ISO 9660 cdrom images.

## Requirements

### Platform

The following platforms have been tested with this cookbook:

- Ubuntu

### Chef

- Chef 13+

### Cookbooks

- none

## Usage

Place `recipe[bsdcpio::default]` in the `run_list` of your node or role.

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who [contribute.](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false)

### Backers

Thank you to all our backers!

![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs#backers](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/backers.svg?width=600&avatarHeight=40)

### Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website.

![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/0/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/0/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/1/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/1/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/2/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/2/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/3/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/3/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/4/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/4/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/5/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/5/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/6/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/6/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/7/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/7/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/8/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/8/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/9/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/9/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)

Commit message:

Readme Maintainers (#19)
This commit adds information about us, the maintainers, and how to contact us on slack/ our website

README.md, after:

# bsdcpio

[![Cookbook Version](https://img.shields.io/cookbook/v/bsdcpio.svg)](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/bsdcpio)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/sous-chefs/bsdcpio/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/sous-chefs/bsdcpio)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Description

Installs bsdcpio, which uses libarchive to support working with tar, pax, cpio, zip, jar, ar, and ISO 9660 cdrom images.

## Maintainers

This cookbook is maintained by the Sous Chefs. The Sous Chefs are a community of Chef cookbook maintainers working together to maintain important cookbooks. If you’d like to know more please visit [sous-chefs.org](https://sous-chefs.org/) or come chat with us on the Chef Community Slack in [#sous-chefs](https://chefcommunity.slack.com/messages/C2V7B88SF).

## Requirements

### Platform

The following platforms have been tested with this cookbook:

- Ubuntu

### Chef

- Chef 13+

### Cookbooks

- none

## Usage

Place `recipe[bsdcpio::default]` in the `run_list` of your node or role.

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who [contribute.](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false)

### Backers

Thank you to all our backers!

![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs#backers](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/backers.svg?width=600&avatarHeight=40)

### Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website.

![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/0/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/0/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/1/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/1/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/2/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/2/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/3/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/3/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/4/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/4/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/5/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/5/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/6/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/6/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/7/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/7/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/8/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/8/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
![https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/9/website](https://opencollective.com/sous-chefs/sponsor/9/avatar.svg?avatarHeight=100)
